---layout: posttitle:  The Great and Terrible Fear of Ordinarydate:   2014-08-14 11:36:56---I know I’m not the only one who has the great and terrible fear of being ordinary. We want to be astonishing, profound, mysterious. We want to be admired for our art, for our work, our stories. We dream of saying things that impact our world, making them wiser, better. And we want our lives to be inspiring even after we’re gone.We dream of the lights, the interviews, the radio singles, the premiers. We want the Instagram followers, the retweets, and the comments. We constantly ransack our social media profiles for any measurable evidence that we matter.I write this as I sit in a public library. Apparently all the cool kids hang out here on summer afternoons. And by cool kids, I mean the grey-haired lady in outdated glasses, scanning her book with a complacent grimace. There is the obese man in too-small grey sweatpants and a safari vest, staring at the window like life's answers were written there. Two old men sit across each other with newspapers spread over the table. (I guess they still make those.) The very clean and nervous librarian behind the desk half-smiles at me in her taupe-colored dress pants.I feel the air conditioner exhale cooly into the room, and I hear the swish of papers and the jingle of keys, and the mutter of a young man writing beat poetry as he first whispers it aloud to himself.And as I sit here, I am one of them. I am another character setting up camp for a while this afternoon at the library. No one is holding their breath waiting for me to say something meaningful. No one looks to me for importance or meaning or answers. Today, I am ordinary—just like the rest of them. And I am glad to be.